Once upon a time, Gepetto, an old woodsman, living in the great Italian pine forest, was lonely. He always dreamed about
having a son. Each day, he went cutting woods for the town’s people. One day, an idea illuminated his mind, the idea of
crafting a puppet, which he will call it Pinocchio. He crafted that puppet and during the night, the puppet becomes alive!
One year of happiness and thriller passed, on a Sunday morning, Gepetto told Pinocchio:‘’It’s my birthday soon,
my little son! I hope you didn’t forget it!’’ ‘’Euh, sure, I didn’t!’’ Pinocchio felt awkward. He didn’t thought about
that. Gepetto’s birthday was coming in only three days, and he hadn’t even a present. After a long night of reflecting,
Pinocchio finally decided to offer a homemade chocolate cake to him as a present.
When the sun rose, Pinocchio was already ready to go outside find the ingredients. The main problem was he didn’t even
known the in and the recipe.
So after school, he decided to go ask someone for the ingredients to bake a cake. During his walk, Pinocchio, the wooden
puppet, met the town’s sorcerer.
‘’Hey, little boy, do you need some help for your chocolate cake?’’
‘’Hum…You can help me?’’, asked Pinocchio.
‘’Sure, I can. Follow me!’’
After walking few minutes so, Pinocchio saw a big, big, big candy house. They entered together and Pinocchio got caught by
a big cage.
‘’Mouahahaha!!! I finally caught you! You’ll be mine, you’re gonna work for me!’’, said the evil sorcerer.
Pinocchio was so scared. When the guards came and took him out of the cage, he immediately ran away very fast and he
succeeded to escape.
At the same time, the evil sorcerer, calling all his troops with him, ran after him and he took out his magic wand. The
evil devil changed the little wooden puppet into a chocolate cake!
When he came back home, he told the entire story to his father and they went to find the god fairy.
After a long trip, they finally find the god fairy and they got the magical potion for Pinocchio.
